### Little personal comment from me in the beginning of this long journey...

<video controls src="Aria Math - C418-1.mp4" title="Title"></video>

I'm 17 years old at the moment of writing. Someone says that it's just the beginning, others that it's already an end of something, like an end of a peaceful childhood, or a time when you have free time to spend on learnings... 

Well, whatever they say, but for me it felt like I was missing out on a lot of things. Seing other teens online being really successful in what they do made me fell dumb. "Why they can do such a thing but I can't? Am I dumber than they are?" Words like these were a-a-always haunting me, making me feel like I was o-din-din-din-done (bit of 2025 humour, heh). And so I always had this desire to learn, improve and just be better than others! Guess the last one is just a sin of pride but sometimes it pushes you to developer good things. But even though I had this desire, I never really knew what exactly I wanted. I just knew that it was science. Engineering, building, cosmos, games, coding, chemistry, physics. THey always were my favourite. Well not whole the time. Not until it comes to hard formulas and exams of course, XD. But well, they had all so many things to offer that I often didn't know where to begin and what I want to stick with. When I was a kid I saw my future as an engineer-constructor. In my 15-s I wanted to become astrophysicist, even picked a specific program in college in my 16-s to further study for astrophysicist in some university. Then in late 16-s realized that coding is actually what I already can do the best. Switched my college and got to studying what I can do the best. 

Besides all that, yet then when I was 15, I've made my first "proper" online game on Roblox. It was based of a YouTube series I've been hyped on. It blew up. I got over 5 million visits and a lot of money. Not as much as I could've got with my current knowledge, but still. They were my hard earned money! Yes, hard earned, since I've been working on this game for over a year. Not alone as well, but with several other people who agreed to help me for nothing (I did pay them a little from earnings for help though, don't think of me as a cruel man!). 

This game then became one of the reasons why I got stuck. I got to taste the "easy money" for the first time. I've then made several other attempts to make games. Alone, with little skill but only determination. I was struggling and burning out quickly. Projects were made and abandoned one by one...

It felt meaningless to continue